			Announcement Service Public

I would like to take a break for some long time from blogging, or any kind of Internet activities.

This is my website, Danielsblog, and I am author of this website, but with time I understand, that this website is something more than way to have fun.

When I start to write more and more articles, people start to write me on email with critique and best wishes, and I really appreciate this!

But… This website also changed the way I live. Now I am trying to make new updates every week, and just my website become some kind of work. It's harder to concentrate on my favorite things, like music or programming. I don't even remember, when I was really happy of playing music instruments or just making some simple, and the same time fun programs.

I am a workaholic, and it's really hard for me to just stop doing something. I always have thoughts like "This is not perfect enough!" or "You should complete this today!". Like I cannot say to myself "Good Job! Complete this yesterday, and take some break!". No, coming back every two hours, even i am working on this website, or other kind of activities.

I cannot just take a break, i always find something to work on, and this gives me anxiety.

Feels, like i lost everything on the Internet. I have only 4 friends online, and lost something in my personal life. Last years, i've seen so much disgusting content on the Internet, that i just want to forget everything.

There are so many interesting things around me, like to watch Tornado Chasers series, but i just cannot find the time because of my business with anything around me.

Someone says "I waste my 20s online" [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFPuDaVA7wI], but i am only 17 years old, and i have time to change everything, until it's late.

I was born with spine and eyes issues (scoliosis and farsightedness), and stress, Internet with computer only make my health worse. In 2023 i've got spondylolisthesis, and this is just one of the most horrible things i've ever felt, like discomfort in my neck every day.

Did you really need all this? Please, review your lifestyle, there is just nothing interesting on the Internet, nothing... I have never been happy of surfing the Internet to fill the background.

**Hope, this been important to you, my reader. Please, never blame yourself for mistakes!**

"All We Know Is Falling" -- Paramore

Written: 26.07.2024
Last edit: 26.07.2024 